**DISCLAIMER:** This is only a short summary of each license. No information is legal advice. It is highly encouraged to read the full license before using it.

---
# TL;DR For Licenses
---

## Table of Content
- [Academic Free License 3.0 (AFL)](#academic-free-license-30)
- [Apache License 2.0 (Apache-2.0)](#apache-license-20)
- [Artistic License 2.0 (Artistic-2.0)](#artistic-license-20)
- [BSD 3-Clause License (BSD-3-Clause)](#bsd-3-clause-license)
- [Boost Software License 1.0 (BSL)](#boost-software-licens-10)
- [Creative Common Attribution 3.0 Unported License (CC-BY)](#creative-common-attribution-30-unported-license)
- [Common Development and Distribution License 1.0 (CDDL-1.0)](#common-development-and-distribution-10)
- [Eclipse Public License 1.0 (EPL-1.0)](#eclipse-public-license-10)
- [GNU General Public License 3.0 (GPLv3)](#gnu-general-public-license-30)
- [GNU Lesser General Pulic License 3.0 (LGPL-3.0)](#gnu-lesser-general-public-license-30)
- [IPA Font License (IPA)](#ipa-font-license)
- [MIT License (MIT)](#mit-license)
- [Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL-2.0)](#mozilla-public-license-20)
- [Microsoft Public License (MS-PL)](#microsoft-public-license)
- [DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE (WTFPL)](#do-what-the-fuck-you-want-to-public-license)


## Academic Free License 3.0
Gives you a copyright and allows for a patent on the software so long as you include the original software, any of its copyrights or trademarks and a note saying that you modified it. Created by the same author as the Open Software License, this license is nearly identical but, unlike the Open Software License, not copyleft as it doesn't force derivative works to use the same license.

## Apache License 2.0
You can do what you like with the software, as long as you include the required notices. This permissive license contains a patent license from the contributors of the code.

## Artistic License 2.0
This is a license for software packages with the intent of giving the original copyright holder some measure of control over his software while still remaining open source. It is flexible and allows you to distribute or sell modified versions as long as you maintain access to the original version and publish modifications.

## BSD 3-Clause License
The BSD 3-clause license allows you almost unlimited freedom with the software so long as you include the BSD copyright and license notice in it (found in Fulltext).

## Boost Software License 1.0
This is a simple license that includes a clause on warranty, and encourages free and open use of software licensed under it. You must include the original copyright and this license in software unless in the form of “machine-executable object code generated by a source processor.”

## Creative Common Attribution 3.0 Unported License
This is the ‘standard’ creative commons license that gives others maximum freedom to do what they want with your work. You must give credit to the original author of the work, state their name and the title of the original work, say that you modified the work if you did and include the attribution logo. Doesn’t allow for Tivoization and provides protection from defamation for the creator.

## Common Development and Distribution 1.0
This is a weak copyleft license used by Sun Microsystems that includes explicit patent grants. It is similar to MPL and EPL.  You can distribute binaries under a proprietary license, as long as original and modified source code under CDDL is made available.

## Eclipse Public License 1.0
This license, made and used by the Eclipse Foundation, is similar to GPL but allows you to link code under the license to proprietary applications. You may also license binaries under a proprietary license, as long as the source code is available under EPL.

## GNU General Public License 3.0
You may copy, distribute and modify the software as long as you track changes/dates in source files. Any modifications to or software including (via compiler) GPL-licensed code must also be made available under the GPL along with build & install instructions.

## GNU Lesser General Public License 3.0
This license is mainly applied to libraries. You may copy, distribute and modify the software provided that modifications are described and licensed for free under LGPL. Derivatives works (including modifications or anything statically linked to the library) can only be redistributed under LGPL, but applications that use the library don't have to be.

## IPA Font License
The IPA license applies only to font programs and allows for a great deal of freedom in distributing them, both commercially and non-commercially. You cannot change the name of redistributed versions of the original software and must include a copy of the license, however.

## MIT License
A short, permissive software license. Basically, you can do whatever you want as long as you include the original copyright and license notice in any copy of the software/source.  There are many variations of this license in use.

## Mozilla Public License 2.0
MPL is a copyleft license that is easy to comply with. You must make the source code for any of your changes available under MPL, but you can combine the MPL software with proprietary code, as long as you keep the MPL code in separate files. Version 2.0 is, by default, compatible with LGPL and GPL version 2 or greater. You can distribute binaries under a proprietary license, as long as you make the source available under MPL.

## Microsoft Public License
You can do anything you want with the software, so long as you include this license and existing copyrights. You can only use this with compatible licenses.

## Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License
Self-explanatory name
